And once we are in our success we can start styling.
So we're here to say this is going to be contact here and then we're going to say padding 40 pixels
all around.
They're going to have a background here and this is going to be to be here 9 8 EF 0 right here and then
we're going to have a color of here hash tag 5 5 5 right.
Then we would want to start with on their lines are going to say stack contact here and know and underline
how are you going to see a border water color.
Right.
And this is going to be hash tag a 5 5 5 on this.
Then after that what you want to do is actually have an item.
I had them here in the fall.
We're here and we're going to say all here like this display we're here and flex and what I'm talking
about over here is these guys right.
So you hear see or hear someone see text All right.
So one font or some one side and text on the other.
Right so one of them side by side so I'm going to say flux over here then I'm going to say margin and
I'm going to say 20 pixels here zero using this and font size and this is going to be 30 pixels on here
like this.
All right so both of them 30 pixels.
Then what we're going to have is I had some info here and fantastic on this and we're going to say margin.
I'm going to say right.
Twenty pixels are here.
All right so now we got our little space over here then we're going to have a form foot so I'm going
to save room and put more here and then I'm going to save display display block on here and this.
Right now you can see how they're displaying instead of in line now they are on display.
Block with you going right away say hundred percent here.
Now they're spanning all across the screen.
Right.
And then after that we're going to have a margin on the margin we're going to say like this.
This is going to be 10 pixels zero.
We're here then we're going to have a fun size twenty five pixels like this.
All right so font sizes got bigger then you are going to have a panning 10 pixels over here.
Then we're going to have a background transparent on this and then we're going to have a border and
we're going to say none.
All right so we're going to we want to get rid of these borders all around.
So none more here.
However what we would want or we're all going to say border bottom I would say that's safe for pixels
solid solid or here and this is going to be hash tag 5 5 5 1.
And then after that you would want a form input.
So I'm going to go here for and put that on here like this placeholder.
I here we're going to have a color.
So we're going to have color hash tag.
F5 F5 F5.
All right.
So now basically what I'm saying is that I would want for the form input to have a white text over here
instead of that great one right now that we have this.
Let's go ahead and let's actually style this link over here.
Right.
So we're here we're going to say this is going to be a customer here in full.
And first of all them to say this play and we're going to say this play block and I can see that it's
spanning all across that we're going to have a padding 20 pixels here like this.
They're going to have a margin on here top.
I'm going to say 30 pixels or pixels or here text decoration.
None here.
They all going to have a font size 30 pixels on here like this.
We're going to have over here a margin for the actual war here for these guys right.
So we need to figure out how we would actually separate them right here.
One of the ways we can do is actually display flex on here and we can just say justify content and we
can just say all of this right.
So they're evenly distributed.
They're going to say a color five five a five year background.
Hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9.
You know this area and we're going to have a transition.
This is going to be background on here.
Two seconds is easily here and then we're going to have a hovering effect.
Right.
So this is going to be customer
here.
This is going to be info.
We're going to have a this is going to be however.
And then we're going to have a background it's going to be a hashtag in 1999 would be like this.
So basically as I'm hollering this is going to change and I can see that it actually turns gray.
And now that we're done with this the last thing that we need to do is we need to make this responsive.